# Digital Frankenstein 
## It’s Alive! – The Creation of Digital Frankenstein 
*Digital Frankenstein* is my proposed digital humanities project, and it serves as an interactive website meant to further the understanding of Mary Shelley’s novel, *Frankenstein*. This was not my original choice for my project when we began the Grant Project. Initially, I had intended to complete a grant proposal on a digital map and interactive website on Colonial Williamsburg. After looking into it a bit, I realized that while I found Colonial Williamsburg interesting, I was unsure it would be an optimal choice for my project. What pushed me to change my mind and choose *Digital Frankenstein* was my ENGL 201 course. In the class, we read Shelley’s *Frankenstein*, and I absolutely loved the book. As I was struggling to begin my Grant Narrative on Colonial Williamsburg, I worked with Dr. Stover and made a new grant abstract: *Digital Frankenstein.* 

The project itself is a website that include several different interactive activities.  There are a few different subpages for the audience to interact with: **Timeline, Interactive Map, Characters,** and **About,** although the **About** page is more informational. The timeline and map both follow the journey and locations from the novel, including images, videos, and other media that are helpful to the audience, and the **Characters** page offers a collection of details, quotes, media, and concept art about Shelley’s characters. 

## Roadblocks and Final Thoughts
The process of writing the grant proposal for *Digital Frankenstein* has not only offered me a greater insight into the novel itself, but it has provided me with new viewpoints as I have tried to think of new and interesting ways to immerse oneself in the world of *Frankenstein*. The greatest challenge of writing the grant proposal personally was working around copyright and detailing the itemized budget. Copyright itself can be tricky because you have to avoid all of the many possible violations, so figuring out how to properly source, credit, and cite all of the tools, information, and media was a slightly tedious process.  The Itemized Budget, similar to handling the copyright, was another tedious process. It made me think about different tools that were not obviously apparent when I began the grant proposal. Sorting through the different tools and deciding what was a necessary component within the given budget was another delicate process. 

There are other digital humanities projects that exist, such as *A Frankenstein Atlas* and *Frankenstein by Mary Shelley, A Romantic Circles Electronic Edition*. *A Frankenstein Atlas* focuses specifically on the geographical details and journey throughout *Frankenstein*, and *Frankenstein by Mary Shelley, A Romantic Circles Electronic Edition* created digital access to the classic novel and conveniently offered readers the full contents of both the 1818 and 1831 editions. While these projects were well done, they do not offer the same level of interactive information that *Digital Frankenstein* would, as the goal of the project is to provide its scholars and readers with a more immersive Frankenstein experience.  


